I'm back in the application you created and I want to improve it by adding cheek.
And low Dasch Let's start with Che Querrey and let's Singhalese search Cheikh we in Google here.
Let's go to check with dot com.
If you click on download you could download it stored it locally if you're working locally that makes
sense.
But we're using Chia's fiddle and dare I want to use a CDN which basically has a link pointing to some
other server not owned by us.
Where does codas then download it from.
We can find links if we scroll down here using Ciccarelli with a CDN.
If you click on code or check with dot com here we can find links to Sabean's I'll use version free.
Of course you may use different ones.
One and I will use the uncompressed code.
Copy the link address and back.
Yes Fertel.
I will simply add does import.
So let's add a script tag here to the HDMI code and lets add a script import to shake query.
The average code doesn't change.
Now we can use Cicconetti.
And if you never used to check the code I'm about right might look strange to you.
I will still not dive deeply into Cheikh worry though because this is not a cheap quick course and Shakeri
offers enough content for whole courses.
So this is simply just using it to show you how we can improve this code.
If you want to learn more about Shakoor we have a look at coerces focusing on that.
So let's use Chiqui we can use Ciccarelli to easily select elements in a Dom for example instead of
using Document selector.
We can't just use dollar sign which is the most popular function introduced by Chickaree dollar sign
and simply select elements in the dorm by using a CSSA electoral asked document query selector did.
However if we use dollar sign that thing we store in input l button L and so on.
It's no longer a normal javascript HVM l element.
So the average code won't work anymore now.
Instead it's a Cheikh where you object you could say with some additional meta data information.
So we get X this year.
As I said the error code won't work but that's no issue because actually we can improve the Aberg code
too.
For example for admitting an event listener click listener.
Specifically we can simply use the click method and remove the first argument.
Now click is available on button L because keep in mind Pattni is such a Ciccone object since we got
access to it with the dollar sign method so click is one useful function introduced by Shakeri and as
a side note if you want have a look at all the functions introduced by Shakeri.
Go back to Shakeri dot com here and go to API documentation and there you'll find a list of all the
methods introduced by Shakeri And if you click on them you'll get information on how it works.
So back to our code we have our Click listener and we still tell Shakoor now to execute ads to do now
in there we still extract value however not with value but with well a method called Val here and we
have to use it because input l also was fetched via a dollar signs so we have a Chakri object there
too.
I can still use trm because user input still just is a string and a new traduce just a new object that
is OK.
We pushed to new Optik on the array.
But here when we create a new element this works differently with men using check werie we can write
much less code here so we can create this new To-Do list item by simply saying dollar sign.
And then in there actually not selecting element bias's selector but that's a different use case of
d.j where the method you're creating HVM own code.
So the normal itx here and in between the user input.
So let's concatenate this string here like that and let's add user input in between.
Now this alone won't create the element we can now call append to.
To append this newly created element now to the DOM.
So here I want to append that to an ordered element and this already enables us to remove this line
dys line and this line.
We still need to make sure that we add the data set and event listener though.
So I will bring append two into a new line.
It still is.
Attitude is.
First line here.
I'm sure splitting it over multiple lines to make it easier to read and I will therefore now also add
the attribute method which allows us to add our own attributes.
Here I will set data set id which is just what is set with data set thought Id here before and that
does equal to myu to do Id with Dad you can remove this line.
Finally I want to add a click listeners all at the click method and I want to execute.
Remove to do here and we can remove this line much shorter already with check query not that creates
a new element that to the attribute and to click listener.
Let's have a look if we hit Control enter here.
Clear to console and say why Malke still seems to work.
We add to the array Whew clicking on it won't work though or it will work.
But actually as you see it won't clear the array because there we still need to do some work in a remove
to do we get to event but we actually don't need it here like this.
Instead we can get access to the element which we clicked on by using dollar sign and then as an argument
this does is a reserved keyword in javascript but when used in a Ciccarelli function like here it will
give us access to the event target.
Again as a Chiqui object then so that's the clicked Elyot and since we get this we can retrieve the
item id by accessing etcher again.
The function we used here to set this status had ID.
Now if I passed just data set ID without a second argument.
Well then I simply retrieve it.
So now this gives me the item idea again and therefore the average code should work too.
But we can improve to code down here instead of selecting the parent node and then remove child.
We can simply call remove on clicked apply itself.
Now let's open up the console again let's add by milk and answer questions.
And now if I click on it you see.
Now we only have by Moken the array and now we have an empty array.
So now the app works just as it did before.
But boy is that a lot less code a lot leaner code much easier with Cheikh worry.
Now lets also add low dash in the next lecture before we don't have a look at what else we could improve.